DOC: Update the description of the taxonomy of the package in README (#27)
nipreps/nireports: README.md

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/nipreps/nireports/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=OPH6D32GWN)](https://codecov.io/gh/nipreps/nireports)

# *NiReports*: the *NiPreps*' reporting and visualization tools

*NiReports* contains the two main components of the *visual reporting system* of *NiPreps*:

>   * **Reportlets**: visualizations targetting the quality assessment of a particular processing step of the neuroimaging pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Reportlets**: visualizations for assessing the quality of a particular processing step within the neuroimaging pipeline.
```

>     Typically, reportlets show brain mosaics with perhaps contours and/or segmentations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Typically, reportlets show brain mosaics perhaps with contours and/or segmentations.
```
